# my-crx

> a chrome extension tools built with Vite + React, and Manifest v3

## Installing

1. Check if your `Node.js` version is >= **14**.
2. Change or configurate the name of your extension on `src/manifest`.
3. Run `npm install` to install the dependencies.

## Developing

run the command

```shell
$ cd my-crx

$ npm run dev
```

### Chrome Extension Developer Mode

1. set your Chrome browser 'Developer mode' up
2. click 'Load unpacked', and select `my-crx/build` folder

### Nomal FrontEnd Developer Mode

1. access `http://0.0.0.0:3000/`
2. when debugging popup page, open `http://0.0.0.0:3000//popup.html`
3. when debugging options page, open `http://0.0.0.0:3000//options.html`

## Packing

After the development of your extension run the command

```shell
$ npm run build
```

Now, the content of `build` folder will be the extension ready to be submitted to the Chrome Web Store. Just take a look at the [official guide](https://developer.chrome.com/webstore/publish) to more infos about publishing.

---

Generated by [create-chrome-ext](https://github.com/guocaoyi/create-chrome-ext)



## TODO
 - [ ] TODO reorganize so that it handles a build command that outputs all the things to a single folder, and I can have a dev setup with tests and ts or whatever
 - [ ] TODO github page and parser
 - [ ] TODO Split the code (import stuff like safeHTML)
 - [ ] TODO add buttons or controls for common issues + text input for when it needs an additional info
 - [ ] TODO prevent from reacting to an action that was not in the same tab
 - [ ] TODO Hide html details, show an option to hide it
 - [ ] Should the logs and erros have a code? to make them testable? .. probably a nice to have rather than a real req? .. or not in case something unexpected comes up, most probably needed just for safety reasons
 - [ ] TODO other similar tools?
 - [ ] TODO complete bundling. Currently only have webpack for the content-script. Need to move all into 1 folder containing only the build stuff. Including css + background + content-script + manifest
 - [ ] Add note saying that this should that: 1) different browsers expose different things and may behave differently, 2) different screen readers may behave differently
 - [ ] TODO add a config panel. For example to not show html details. Or solve it somehow
 - [ ] TODO check for saved items. Like how to know which ones are saved
 - [ ] TODO add tests